protecting here for so for any
further delay here's spin Jack to watch
me
oh god I just broke him yeah I got the I
got the Pete I'd get them but the eyes
from some of the from the lego creator
set from he's kind of birthday mama
tragic let's go sister let me just hold
that so big it hold it hold both so yeah
dude I'm here yeah I think dude yeah
ghoul on dwarf Jack in the movie so
IFRIC what's a dog Troodon I forgot that
tennis I truly forgot about it and I was
six
yeah yeah this is a pretty accurate
scaling ludendorf
jack
expect for a review for him later
my-my-my great one
why was that you would surprise my I
make this my life why why I destroyed
that I made out of people
no from Lego this without books
yeah this is a pretty accurate story
because the story is the same height as
Jacque 40 meters and 40 meters but you
supposed to be like this big character
Jack just leave the camera like this
every item above you should be like up
to here
yes get Buddha cuz you can see go dad
dude on from the check the wall chicken
- yeah dude I'm also Dorf Jack yeah you
keep the cheese's wrong yeah yeah whoops
oh yeah
yes it appears jackets for leaders so it
is they were good
actually let me pull up the story again
- the bus there's this phrase actually
fist five years so I'm wrong he should
be up to there and me up to there like
they're probably at Black Lake
break up to there and bake like that
make yeah like that made yeah well I
don't care so like here yeah that's
clear wood it's it's I - I instead sure
yeah I'll be to see here's our mistake
see these um there's no one here but
there is here because that's nothing
there was a Cignetti see rows like this
you had to go on it what you in Jack
this is BEM star and them stars are
pretty out you go to on youtube and
watch don't you been jack
I want you been jack versus bed star yes
watch all cheering yeah there's this
pimp star let me eat Martha's this GU
dog and ultraman jack are the only ones
like to be me I tried to make the
original watch man but I wanted to be
ultimate jacket and I thought it'd be
good Asmodeus and by the time I built
this I it was good and I didn't have the
right pieces so don't get mad at me but
yeah this took me like 1 hour 1 hour at
night time so so particularly let's
do the arms could go up and down both
yeah so type in ultraman ultraman jack
then now then and now so so this is CJ
with our chins
since reductions and I'm Austin Jackson